# CISG110-Final
## Devlogs
### Week 12
The first issue I encountered was when my process_mode code didn't work when I tried to het kick to inherit aswell as disable the code. I asked the class discord and I got a little bit of feedback but I figured out the issue which was something as small that for some reason I had put the word "processed" instead of the word "process." Howegver, the biggest issue I had was disabling the kick after pressing space once. I added the timer, I got no errors, I messed with the time and for some reason I cannot figure out how to make it consistent. It seems to work somethings and then sometimes it doesn't and I honestly have no idea why. When I first load into the game. without moving, I'll press space and the timer seems to work like this, however when I'm consistently moving the timer seems to not work at all. I'll look back on this to hopefully resolve the issue but as of right now I can't seem to figure it out.

### Week 13
I figured out the issue I was having with my timer not working (the same one I talked about in my week 12 devlog). I posted in the discord multiple times and asked other people and honestly it seemed to be like it should have been working fine and it turns out it wasn't working because of an indentation error. I indented it right, in the aspect that the code still worked, but I accidentally put the if statement to set disable the kick inside of another if statement and therefore it wasn't working and I kept on kicking. The issue I'm having now is making the particle animation disappear after the rat interacts with the player aswell as making that collision smoother. All the aspects that are requested in the progress check work but they look a little choppy and I hope they just need some miner tweaks. I think with the particle animation to disappear I probably need to implement another timer, but maybe theres an easier method, which I will continue to work towards this week.

### Week 14
This week the biggest issue I ecountered is setting up the points label and figuring out how to upddate it for when I kick a prop. I honestly think that I was just over complicated things and when I finally realized how to fix implement it, it only needed the most minimal lines of code. Through this process I think accessing nodes as unique names is my favorite method of calling functions from different ndoes in a different nodes script. Another issue I had is still making the rat explostion disappear. The issue I'm having is that I think when I'm putting my line of code to delete the explosion VFX its asspociating it with both the rat and the VFX, which I'm honestly not sure why because I thought the VFX got reparented so I'm not sure why both are disappearing. I'm still going to work towards making them disappear separately but I think I used some setting that doesn't make it look too bad.
### Week 15
Put your Week 15 Devlog answer here.
In the future, I definitely see myself learning more code and the different coding languages (probably java or c++) but to be honest I don't see myself pursuing anything in game development. I think this class was defintiely a fun experience and I definitely learned a lot on how to navigate such a complex program but I would only ever see myself pursuing game coding as a fun passion project. I think the coding aspect of this class was extremely helpful as I think coding could be an incredibly useful skill in the future so I was glad to at least familiarize myself with the basics (especially at the start of the semester.) After taking multiple asynchronous classes I know that getting something done sooner than later is and will always be better as it will result in less stress and will open up your shcedule in the future for anythign else that you may have to do. I just wanted to say that this class was very fun and even though it was asynchronous I still felt like it was very interactive and I feel like you did a great job as a professor breaking down the course material in a way that is digestable and understandable for us students. Thank you for all your effort as our professor this semester because I've seen firsthand that other professors do not go nearly as above and beyond as you. Thank you
## Open-Source Assets
- [Ninja cat sprites](https://opengameart.org/content/cat-fighter-sprite-sheet)
- [Item sprites](https://ipixl.itch.io/pixel-art-items-part-1)
- [Interior tilesets](https://rcpstd.itch.io/interior-tileset-asset-pack-16x16)
- [RatSprites](https://carysaurus.itch.io/rat-sprites)
